hello its Ruby and today I'm going to be
showing you an after-school study
session this is from Monday and as I
said in my weekend study with me this
week I am going to be filming and
uploading a study with me everyday so I
started off by finishing some notes for
ethics that I started in class and then
I just planned out my study session
today and what I needed to do and then I
moved on to doing this piece off
philosophical reading which I showed in
my last study with me and I actually
managed to finish it that is however a
gap in the time from where I had dinner
[Music]
after this I finished editing a YouTube
video and then I made some Corrections
on a philosophy essay the mighty
trademarked
I then moved on to making some more of
my religious studies Quizlet
you
[Music]
so here I am making a little booklet on
basic first-aid because we had someone
come into school and teach it to us and
I thought it'd be like usual to actually
have a physical guide which I could keep
on me
[Music]
this evening I finished work at 9:00 so
thank you for watching and have a
productive week